You *know* her?
You did WHAT?

HA! I knew someone was alive in here.
AH! Oh. My. God. You look ter - ummm... good. Looking good, actually.

Most test subjects do experience some, uh, cognitive deterioration after a few months in suspension.
Now, you've been under for quite a lot longer, and it's *not* out of the question that you might have a *very* minor case of serious brain damage!
But don't be alarmed, all right?
Uh, although if you do feel alarmed, try to hold on to that feeling because that is the proper reaction to being told that you've got brain damage.

Okay, listen, we should get our stories straight, all right?
If anyone asks - and no one's gonna ask, don't worry - but if anyone asks, tell them as far as you know, the last time you checked, everyone looked pretty much alive, all right? Not dead.

There should be a portal device on that podium over there. I can't see it though. Maybe it fell off. Do you want to go and have a quick look?

This is the part where I kill you!

Do definitely focus on landing with your legs.

All right, so that last test was seriously disappointing. Apparently, being civil isn't motivating you, so let's try it her way, all right, fatty? Adopted... fatty! Fatty, fatty no parents?

Well how about now? NOW WHO'S A MORON? Could a MORON PUNCH! YOU! INTO! THIS! PIT? Huh? Could a moron do THAT?

I AM NOT A MORON! Just do the test; just do the test.

Oh, BRILLIANT! That's brilliant!
If we're lucky, she won't find out all her turrets are crap until it's too late.

I'll bet you're both dying to know what your big surprise is. Well, only TWO more chambers!

Good news: that is NOT a docking station. So there's one mystery solved. I'm going to attempt a manual override on this wall. Could get a bit technical! Hold on!

Um, true. I'll go with true. There, that was easy. To be honest, I might have heard that one before.

Are you going to open this door? Because it's fairly urgent.

You two are going to *love* this big surprise. In fact, you might say that you're going to love it... to death. Love it... until you're, until it kills you. Until you're dead.
